---
tags:
  - journal/daily
wakeup: 2024-03-11T09:15:00
reading: 
shower: 
linen: 
gym: 
shave: 
microneedling: 
beardcream: 
run:
---

>[!NOTE] Month
>Related month note → [[2024-03]]

# uncompleted tasks
```dataview
TASK
WHERE contains(file.name, "2024-03-10") AND !contains(tags, "#habit")
GROUP BY file.name
```
- - - 

# planned for today
- [x] Download missed lecture material
- [ ] Update tasks for study catchup
- [x] DSA Quiz 4
- [ ] Complete tasks for OOM Project
	- [ ] Complete Structural diagrams
	- [ ] Review other diagrams
	- [ ] Review Report text
	- [ ] Check what refactoring is needed
	- [ ] Check what refactoring has already been done (and eventually push to branch)
	- [ ] Help with refactoring
- [ ] Reach out to DSA lecturers about the missed tutorial

- - - 
# diary
###### morning entry
10:13 So I haven’t been updating my diary in a little bit. Much has happened. I went to my grandma’s funeral, it was very sad. When I came back from Italy instead of waiting and taking time for myself I directly started looking for people. I firstly asked #person/katrina for lunch at Stappato, but before I saw her I accidentally met #person/caroline , then we walked to #person/feriel  and then #person/zep also showed up. I opened up about the funeral with Katrina and Feriel. Afterwards I went to Caroline. 

With Caroline we read together for a little bit, then we played some horror games on Roblox. Then we watched the Rocco Siffredi series on Netflix, which was very horny inducing. I kissed her on the forehead, and she kissed me back on the cheek. Then the cuddling was quite hot for the rest of the night.

In the evening she mentioned something that she wanted to tell me, she laughed it off and said she won’t tell me until the the time is right.

During the night she held onto my dick ahah, very cute but very hot.

In the morning I kissed her on the forehead again, and she kissed me on the cheeks. We made out a number of times. Finally we biked to university in the morning.

11:12 I haven’t done anything as of yet. I will attempt being productive now and work on the OOM Project.
###### day entries

###### evening entry
21:26 I am now again at #person/caroline 

- - -

# notes taken today
```dataview
LIST
WHERE file.cday = date("2024-03-11") AND !contains(file.name, "2023")
```

# notes edited today
```dataview
LIST
WHERE file.mday = date("2024-03-11")  AND !contains(file.name, "2024-03")
```
- 🍅 (pomodoro::WORK) (duration:: 40m) (begin:: 2024-03-11 12:17) - (end:: 2024-03-11 12:58)