---
tags:
  - journal/daily
wakeup: 2024-01-30T09:45:00
reading: 
shower: 
linen: 
gym: 
shave:
---

>[!NOTE] Month
>Related month note → [[2024-01]]

# uncompleted tasks
```dataview
TASK
WHERE contains(file.name, "2024-01-29") AND !contains(tags, "#habit")
GROUP BY file.name
```
- - - 

# planned for today
- [x] Get clothes ready (laundry)
	- [x] Make sure they are dry
	- [x] Fold dry clothes
	- [x] Put white clothes in drier
- [x] Get dressed
- [x] Breakfast

- - - 
# diary
###### morning entry
00:42 I am looking to be serious about my eating. I purchased a subscription to a calorie tracker. I hope it was worth it (I am poor this month)
###### day entries
14:11 I cut my hair. It doesn't look horrible. I was looking for a cap but couldn't find one that would fit me nicely. I read a bit. I'm quite excited to show everyone the new haircut, but also kind of want to hide.
###### evening entry
18:51 I met with #person/agnese today for a glass of wine. It was nice, I also saw #person/rosie again. But I invested a lot of time on that, and I have very little time to study, work and to clean up my house, and my energies are low as usual these evenings. I could fall asleep any second. I would want to go home and nap, but at 21:30 I'd like to be here at UM Sports so I can sign up for volleyball with #person/carmen. I met Carmen again today as well, properly this time. She seems quite cute. 

00:43 Today was unproductive. I went home to take a nap at some point. When I went back to UM Sports they were having a fire drill - missed the most exciting moment at UM Sports and I am quite upset about it, but it's funny. I signed up to play volleyball with #person/carmen and I am quite excited for that. I also was ready to do circuit training with #person/simona, but unfortunately I work at that time. I did not study at all today, nor did I work. But I did get a haircut, and I am quite proud of it. 
I also did my laundry and almost finished cleaning the dishes.



- - -

# notes taken today
```dataview
LIST
WHERE file.cday = date("2024-01-30") AND !contains(file.name, "2023")
```

# notes edited today
```dataview
LIST
WHERE file.mday = date("2024-01-30")  AND !contains(file.name, "2024-01")
```