---
tags:
  - journal/daily
wakeup: 2024-03-15T08:10:00
reading: 
shower: 
linen: 
gym: 
shave: 
microneedling: 
beardcream: 
run:
---

>[!NOTE] Month
>Related month note → [[2024-03]]

# uncompleted tasks
```dataview
TASK
WHERE contains(file.name, "2024-03-14") AND !contains(tags, "#habit")
GROUP BY file.name
```
- - - 

# planned for today
- [ ] Groceries
- [ ] Picture board
- [ ] Fix online notes 
- [ ] Update corriculum vitae


- - - 
# diary
###### morning entry
08:42 So I slept over at #person/caroline’s place again, even though I had planned not to.
Yesterday after waking up at #person/caroline’s, I went to the law faculty to get my charger and then went to Stappato for lunch with #person/feriel. I was very dizzy. After some time, #person/caroline  and #person/zep joined. I spent more than I should have, but it’s alright, I’ll just have to repurpose some of the groceries budget. 

After Stappato we went out shopping and finally I went back to #person/caroline’s place to get my stuff. We ended up eating together (she cooked me chicken, rice and vegetables) and after some movies we had pre again, this time it was very good. She said she felt so comfortable with me. I was getting sick but she still cuddled me and took care of me, it was very sweet. We slept shirtless, as she said she usually slept like that.

After waking up today she waited for me to kiss her forehead and then kissed my lips. I am now at UM Sports waiting for #person/feriel to have breakfast. Due to the fast bike ride, I am starting to feel the dizziness pile up and soon I’ll be very very dizzy. I am trying to make an appointment with the doctor, but it won’t let me.

09:57 I still haven’t stated studying or doing any work. I just found out my DSA tutorial is in 1 hour (and it wasn’t at 8:30 like usual), so I am considering going. I will look through the assignment and start doing it so I have a better idea of what will be asked of me. Man I really need to catch up.

###### day entries

###### evening entry


- - -

# notes taken today
```dataview
LIST
WHERE file.cday = date("2024-03-15") AND !contains(file.name, "2023")
```

# notes edited today
```dataview
LIST
WHERE file.mday = date("2024-03-15")  AND !contains(file.name, "2024-03")
```