---
tags:
  - journal/daily
wakeup: 2024-03-12T08:15:00
reading: 
shower: 
linen: 
gym: 
shave: 
microneedling: 
beardcream: 
run:
---

>[!NOTE] Month
>Related month note → [[2024-03]]

# uncompleted tasks
```dataview
TASK
WHERE contains(file.name, "2024-03-11") AND !contains(tags, "#habit")
GROUP BY file.name
```
- - - 

# planned for today
- [x] Work on OOM Project ✅ 2024-03-13
- [ ] Download missed lectures material
- [ ] TechLab Work
	- [ ] Complete metrics project
	- [ ] Attempt refactoring perfect-graph

- - - 
# diary
###### morning entry
09:11 I am now at the law faculty. I slept over at #person/caroline’s yesterday evening. We cuddled a lot, made out and eventually humped. She stroke me a bunch of times and was comfortable just holding onto me while we were still awake. At some point she didn’t want to continue but was willing to help me out and asked me what she could do. I didn’t really phrase my words clearly, but the thought I wanted to express was that I only really want to do something if that other person wants to as well.

12:00 I am being quite productive I think, refactoring and OOP is fun. I have yet to start working on the TechLab projects though. I believe I will remain at work for longer than expected.

###### day entries
16:46 I am still at the TechLab. I have not done any work for the lab, only worked on the OOM project but not in a very productive way. I feel like my brain is fried, the sky is grey but the sky is still quite clear outside and I might want to just go and take a walk. I want to see #person/caroline  but I don’t really want to be the one to reach out once again. The conversation I had with #person/nathalie kind of worried me about the situation with Caro. On one hand I want to make sure what we have now doesn’t die off and I want that our intimacy only increases, but at the same time I feel like if I am the only one putting effort into it I will suffocate what we have. I also don’t want to be the only one to be putting effort into this, even though it’s too soon to say and I am rushing too much.

17:15 I am so over the goddam project. It’s sooo bad. I don’t believe we will achieve a nice grade.
###### evening entry


- - -

# notes taken today
```dataview
LIST
WHERE file.cday = date("2024-03-12") AND !contains(file.name, "2023")
```

# notes edited today
```dataview
LIST
WHERE file.mday = date("2024-03-12")  AND !contains(file.name, "2024-03")
```