---
tags:
  - journal/daily
wakeup: 
reading: 
shower: 
linen: 
gym: 
shave: 
microneedling: 
beardcream: 
run:
---

>[!NOTE] Month
>Related month note → [[2024-02]]

# uncompleted tasks
```dataview
TASK
WHERE contains(file.name, "2024-02-28") AND !contains(tags, "#habit")
GROUP BY file.name
```
- - - 

# planned for today


- - - 
# diary
###### morning entry
21:22 Skipped my lectures to talk to #person/caroline . We talked for more than 4 hours about us. We concluded we are not going to try and see how it goes. We kissed twice. It didn’t seem to mean anything. I need to move on.
It was so flirtatious. I am feeling empty inside.
###### day entries

###### evening entry
21:22 Fuck. 

21:50 I want to write to caroline to express how I am feeling
- I was usually able to “move on” without too much hassle, I think because deep down I knew I wasn’t really letting of the idea of you, but this time it feels so certain
- Part of me wants to wait around and persist hoping one day you will come around. I once was ready to do that any time. Nowdays, I dont know if I could handle it

01:35 I texted #person/caroline . It was not pretty, very superficial. She did not seem at all interested in hearing me out. I am going to stop reaching out to her. I worry I also lost a friend with this, and I believe she knows this too. I really hope #person/feriel keeps her word and keeps her included.
It’s super late and tomorrow I will try to wake up around 8 so I can catch up on DSA tutorials. I will listen to some music now know. I will have a hard time sleeping today.


- - -

# notes taken today
```dataview
LIST
WHERE file.cday = date("2024-02-29") AND !contains(file.name, "2023")
```

# notes edited today
```dataview
LIST
WHERE file.mday = date("2024-02-29")  AND !contains(file.name, "2024-02")
```
- 🥤 (pomodoro::BREAK) (duration:: 0m) (begin:: 2024-02-29 21:23) - (end:: 2024-02-29 21:23)
- 🍅 (pomodoro::WORK) (duration:: 40m) (begin:: 2024-02-29 21:23) - (end:: 2024-02-29 22:03)