---
tags:
  - journal/daily
wakeup: 2024-02-27T10:50:00
reading: 
shower: 
linen: 
gym: 
shave: 
microneedling: 
beardcream: 
run:
---

>[!NOTE] Month
>Related month note → [[2024-02]]

# uncompleted tasks
```dataview
TASK
WHERE contains(file.name, "2024-02-26") AND !contains(tags, "#habit")
GROUP BY file.name
```
- - - 

# planned for today
- [x] Request money refund from train station
- [ ] Do readings for DSA and 
	- [x] Quiz 2 ^x6j9
- [x] Switch payroll tax reduction 
- [ ] Testimonial as CS Ambassador
- [ ] Presenting 4 Skill Class
- [ ] Work on Tutorial 1 for Linear Algebra
- [x] Record Stappato working times

- - - 
# diary
###### morning entry
11:59 Woke up super late again. Got ready and went directly to UM Sports. Waiting for #person/feriel now. #person/raman asked if i wanted to do squash with him tomorrow, but I told him I am working and then going to the inner city library with #person/caroline and #person/feriel . I didn’t plan on going to sleep at #person/caroline tonight because tomorrow I have to get ready to go work at the law faculty. But maybe wednesday evening. Also I don’t like how there seems to be no feelings involved on her side.
###### day entries
13:27 I saw #person/cristina at UM Sports. She said hello. I am not being as productive as I would wish. I am also starting to have a headache

16:01 I applied to switch the Income Tax Reduction from Stappato to the University.

18:06 Finished Quiz 2 for DSA. I completed it with #person/tjebbe using chatGPT. Scored the max on the quiz, but realized how much I am slacking behind on DSA.

20:09 I went home over an hour ago. I listened to some music and I just finished washing the dishes. I don’t really feel like hanging out outside today. I want to shower either tonight or tomorrow early morning. I have still much on my to-do list but at least I am glad I journaled a lot today. I just kind of want to relax now.

###### evening entry
23:01 I watched a movie and felt quite guilty after it. Somehow when I relax at home I start feeling lonely and like I have an urge to be around people. I have yet to complete my Testimonial, but I think I will complete it tomorrow morning. I have a lot of studying to catch up on and very little time, but I think I need to start fixing my sleep schedule to maximize my ability to focus and be productive. 

I am quite sad #person/caroline didn’t really reach out to me. I really don’t want to think about her anymore, the same way I don’t think about #person/carmen . It’s absurd how I’ve fallen in love for her so many times over. I will likely. get ready tomorrow to sleep at hers. I want to have the talk with her, but I don’t want to break things off like last time. We have a nice friendship, but I can’t go on with this kind of intimacy considering that I have feelings for her, while for her it’s just a need for company. 

Maybe if I get early at the law faculty I can play some piano. I really need to go sleep now, otherwise all the effort I’ve put into setting up app blocks will be worthless.

- - -

# notes taken today
```dataview
LIST
WHERE file.cday = date("2024-02-27") AND !contains(file.name, "2023")
```

# notes edited today
```dataview
LIST
WHERE file.mday = date("2024-02-27")  AND !contains(file.name, "2024-02")
```