---
tags:
  - journal/daily
wakeup: 2024-03-06T09:50:00
reading: 
shower: 
linen: 
gym: 
shave: 
microneedling: 
beardcream: 
run:
---

>[!NOTE] Month
>Related month note → [[2024-03]]

# uncompleted tasks
```dataview
TASK
WHERE contains(file.name, "2024-03-05") AND !contains(tags, "#habit")
GROUP BY file.name
```
- - - 

# planned for today
- [ ] Work on TachLab project
	- [ ] Requirements
	- [ ] Business logic
	- [ ] Terminal client
	- [ ] Attempt AWS Auth setup
	- [ ] Research alternative for AWS
- [x] Skill Class Assignment
- [x] Write email to coordinator of DSA Tutorial
- [x] Write email to coordinator for Lab Project
- [ ] Today’s lectures catch-up (linear algebra and OOM)
	- [ ] Plan Tutorials
- [x] Check OOM Discord to catch up on work on OOM project
	- [x] Meet for OOM Project
- [ ] Prepare speech for grandma
- [ ] Make post for grandma
- [ ] File taxes
- [ ] Clean toilets
- [ ] Do laundry & plan bag for Italy
- [ ] Complete the OOM Project Tasks (Structural Diagrams)

- - - 
# diary
###### morning entry
10:42 Woke up later than planned at #person/caroline’s house. She kind of stroked my dick tonight, but I’m sure she didn’t do it consciously. I really don’t know where this is going and it’s getting quite annoying to chase after her like a fool. I keep spending so much (for her and for friends). I took 466 from my savings, which would be 1 month of government funding. 

Yesterday we also booked my flight to Italy for the funeral. I will have to prepare a speech
###### day entries
Tech lab metrics tool requirements
- Input nodes CSV + edges CSV
- Specify output path
- Specify a list of metrics (multi-select) to test
- Specify ground truths

worked on during day at law faculty
- fixing dependencies of perfect-graph-new

17:53 I am back at #person/caroline house. I feel like I have not done anything today despite going into work. I am late on a fucking Skill Class and it’s the most useless thing. I feel so stressed I have so much to do but also it’s all useless. I don’t really want to be here at #person/caroline , I feel like I’m being stringed along, even though I am the one chasing her. It feels like she has no romantic/physical interest in me. She doesn’t dare to look at me in the eyes and as soon as I try and look at her she gets uncomfortable.

I think I shall not sleep at her place anymore. There is no point. I love the cuddles, but I am disillusioned every time. For her it’s just about sleeping with a teddy bear it seems to me.

She is cooking now, I’m going to work on the stupid skill class to get it done with. 

I’ quite mad at everything for some reason, I think I need to detach from everyone for a little bit. Maybe that would be good. 

She keeps talking about Axel and how they had this entire life together.

20:14 I am still at #person/caroline’s house. She cooked dinner for us and we watched a series while eating on her bed. 

22:01 I am done with the OOM meeting now. I am at UM Sports with #person/feriel . I want to finish the damn skill class so I am free to go clean the fucking toilets and do my laundry. I really want to see Caroline tomorrow again.

01:07 I am quite sad

02:20 I am very sad. It’s about time I accept that #person/caroline doesn’t love me. It’s worthless for me to continue to chase her. Do I believe one can learn to love? To answer that I would need to define what love even is, and I don’t know if I can do that. Then what is this feeling inside of me, this vital energy that I need to gift to another person. How can I keep wanting to gift it to her, when she doesn’t want it in the first place. I have been told I need to redirect that same energy onto myself. It sounds so stupidly obvious, but why do I find it so hard to do just that? I often say my purpose in life is to give love. But to whom? 

I need to stop investing so much of myself into her. I’m losing so much of myself.

I regret not spending more time with my grandma. I have so many memories that are starting to resurface. She cared so much for me. I regret not calling her more often. Every call made her so happy. 

02:37 I am afraid to turn off the music and go to sleep because then I’ll be left alone with my thoughts. I may decide to disappear tomorrow, I don’t really want to see anyone.
###### evening entry


- - -

# notes taken today
```dataview
LIST
WHERE file.cday = date("2024-03-06") AND !contains(file.name, "2023")
```

# notes edited today
```dataview
LIST
WHERE file.mday = date("2024-03-06")  AND !contains(file.name, "2024-03")
```