---
tags:
  - journal/daily
wakeup: 2024-02-28T07:10:00
reading: 
shower: true
linen: 
gym: 
shave: true
microneedling: 
beardcream: 
run:
---

>[!NOTE] Month
>Related month note → [[2024-02]]

# uncompleted tasks
```dataview
TASK
WHERE contains(file.name, "2024-02-27") AND !contains(tags, "#habit")
GROUP BY file.name
```
- - - 

# planned for today
- [x] Morning routine
	- [x] Shower
	- [x] Prepare bag for work, study and caroline
	- [x] Breakfast (bread with peanut butter, cheese?)
- [ ] Schedule doctor appointment for Finesteride
- [ ] Work at TechLab
	- [ ] Attempt to push to AWS ECR Registry
	- [x] AWS auth issues
	- [x] Work on metrics testing tool
- [ ] Study at library
	- [ ] Testimonial as cs ambassador [🍅:: 1] ^r3yu
	- [ ] Finish redesign of Stappato Website
	- [x] Record notes for missed classes (Linear Algebra and OOM)
	- [ ] Skill class due on the 29th of February
	- [ ] Presenting 4 Skill Class
	- [ ] Complete readings for DSA
	- [ ] Work on tutorial 1 for linear algebra
- [ ] Personal
	- [ ] Reorder bedroom (dry laundry and fold clothes)
	- [ ] Plan out Monoxidil and Beard care

```todoist
name: Todoist
filter: "today | overdue"
```

- - - 
# diary
###### morning entry
09:20 I woke up in time, which feels very good, nonetheless I struggled to come into the Law Faculty early as I was uncomfortable with the sweater I had picked for today. I am now at the Law Faculty
###### day entries
11:04 Had some news about. my grandma, she might have had a stroke. 
Work is not going too well, too many points where I am getting stuck.

13:31Still at the Law Faculty. I kind of want to try and rebuild the entirety of case-law-explorer but with alternative services than AWS. I hate AWS.

17:15 Andato in biblioteca con #person/caroline . Odio sto posto.

17:57 Working on my testimonial. My head hurts and I am hungry as fuck.
###### evening entry
20:57 I am now

01:03 I am at #person/caroline ‘s house. I am so in love. We are cuddling and snuggling and I just want to kiss her and hold her

- - -

# notes taken today
```dataview
LIST
WHERE file.cday = date("2024-02-28") AND !contains(file.name, "2023")
```

# notes edited today
```dataview
LIST
WHERE file.mday = date("2024-02-28")  AND !contains(file.name, "2024-02")
```
- 🍅 (pomodoro::WORK) (duration:: 40m) (begin:: 2024-02-28 17:38) - (end:: 2024-02-28 18:18)