---
tags:
  - journal/daily
wakeup: 2024-02-01T10:30:00
reading: 0
shower: 
linen: 
gym: 
shave: 
microneedling: 
beardcream: true
run:
---

>[!NOTE] Month
>Related month note → [[2024-02]]

# uncompleted tasks
```dataview
TASK
WHERE contains(file.name, "<% tp.user.returnPreviousDayString( tp.file.title ) %>") AND !contains(tags, "#habit")
GROUP BY file.name
```
- - - 

# planned for today
- [ ] Notes for books (to keep track of progress and pages read in a day)

- - - 
# diary
###### morning entry
00:17 Would have liked to run this morning. But it's too late now and I really need to study for the resit tomorrow morning. I will begin running on Saturday.

09:53 I woke up late...
###### day entries
18:07 I went to sleep at 14:00 and came back to study at UM Sports at 17. I believe I am going to fail tomorrow's exam, but I am not worrying much about it. 
Before Fariel's shifts began, we saw #person/rocco driving away from UM Sports with a massive red truck.
At UM Sports I met with #person/feriel, #person/raman , #person/michaela, #person/simona, #person/lorelai, #person/filippo 

21:59 I am now at UM Sports. I have been here for about 30 minutes, trying to study. My studying is going very slow. I relapsed on drinking coffeine (RedBull), but I am justifying that since tomorrow morning I have the exam.
###### evening entry
01:08 I did not study for tomorrow's exam. I am going to fail such exam and I will have to retake it next year. I can live with that. But I really need to get my act together on academics. Work is doing alright, My CV is looking great, I am planning on improving my personal health, but I also really need to be more focused on my studying, otherwise everything else is pointless.


- - -

# notes taken today
```dataview
LIST
WHERE file.cday = date("<% tp.file.title %>") AND !contains(file.name, "2023")
```

# notes edited today
```dataview
LIST
WHERE file.mday = date("<% tp.file.title %>")  AND !contains(file.name, "<% tp.file.title.slice(0, 7) %>")
```