---
tags:
  - journal/daily
wakeup: 2024-01-31T08:15:00
reading: 0
shower: 
linen: 
gym: 
shave: 
microneedling: true
beardcream: true
run 2k:
---

>[!NOTE] Month
>Related month note → [[2024-01]]

# uncompleted tasks
```dataview
TASK
WHERE contains(file.name, "2024-01-30") AND !contains(tags, "#habit")
GROUP BY file.name
```
- - - 

# planned for today
- [x] Get ready for work
- [x] Have breakfast
- [x] Go to work and play the piano
- [x] Get trash bags

- [ ] Study maths
	- [x] Note down all the required topics

- [ ] Work on disruption task
	- [ ] Refactor code into documented jupyter
	- [ ] Calculate the importance of the nodes
	- [ ] Calculate variance in the importance of the nodes
	- [ ] Calculate median, and average importance
	- [ ] Adjust the graphs so that they have the same scale on x axis
	- [ ] Count the number of edges we have -> find out the density
	- [ ] Count the number of -1 we have
- [x] Setup case-law-explorer on my laptop and Vishal's
- [ ] Work on stappato website
	- [ ] Implement wine menu
	- [ ] Fix team section

- - - 
# diary
###### morning entry
00:46 I really hope I remember to write some morning entries and to keep my diary updated.

11:09 I am working at the law faculty now. Met with #person/vishal and my supervisor #person/shashank and another collegue of whom I do not remember the name. We got coffee and talked about food mainly. I am working on my task on disruption. I am quite stressed for the amount of things I have to do, and the little finance I have for this upcoming month.

17:26 I bought trash bags, went to Centre Ceramique and met #person/giulia and said hi. Now at UM Sports to meet with #person/raman and #person/feriel will attempt to study.

23:45 I did not study at all today. I want to start running.

###### day entries

###### evening entry


- - -

# notes taken today
```dataview
LIST
WHERE file.cday = date("2024-01-31") AND !contains(file.name, "2023")
```

# notes edited today
```dataview
LIST
WHERE file.mday = date("2024-01-31")  AND !contains(file.name, "2024-01")
```