---
tags:
  - journal/daily
wakeup: 2024-03-01T09:15:00
reading: 
shower: 
linen: 
gym: 
shave: 
microneedling: 
beardcream: 
run:
---

>[!NOTE] Month
>Related month note → [[2024-03]]

# uncompleted tasks
```dataview
TASK
WHERE contains(file.name, "2024-02-28") AND !contains(tags, "#habit")
GROUP BY file.name
```
- - - 

# planned for today
- [x] Prepare for DSA Tutorial
- [ ] CS Testimonial
- [x] Contact student for ambassador call
- [ ] Stappato website redesign
- [x] Presenting 4 Skill Class

- - - 
# diary
###### morning entry
09:36 Woke up slightly later than I expected, but still quite early. It is sunny outside thank god. I am going to go to UM Sports now to prepare for the Tutorial and have some breakfast and then I will go to the DSA Tutorial. I will try not to think about #person/caroline  today, or at least I will not mention her name or what I am feeling to other people. I am still concerned about my grandmother, but I guess I will have to wait for my mother’s updates.

10:24 #person/caroline arrived at UM Sports and asked me what was wrong. Before I could start talking #person/feriel arrived.
###### day entries
14:05 Went to the Tutorial. I did not understand shit. I really need to start studying DSA. I am now at UM Sports. #person/feriel  is reading lol. 

16:34 I am now in a biomed study room with #person/bea, #person/feriel, #person/caroline . #person/carmen was here as well for a little bit. I am working on a Skill Class. 

17:43 I am still here at the med room. It’s so boring. I have done nothing really other than using AI for the Skill Class.
###### evening entry
03:28 I went partying with #person/feriel and #person/nick. #person/caroline was also supposed to join, but I acted like an asshole and she ended up staying. home. I am going to write her a message


Hey Caro, I’m sorry we didn’t get to hang out this evening, but I hope you hade a nice time with Zep. I don’t really know if I should be writing this message, but I am that kind of person that cannot go on without fully pouring out what’s in my thoughts.

I want to be yours, Caroline Schneider, but I understand that sometimes it’s just not meat to be, and that’s okay. I am just writing to apologize for my behavior during and after our talk. I promised I wouldn’t bother you anymore, yet I have been very “flirty” and maybe inappropriate. Truth is during our talk I saw a spark of desire in your eyes that I couldn’t ignore, and it made me go crazy and all that I had wanted to tell you or to do to you just came out in the form of words. I managed to hold myself back to not turn those thoughts into action, which a prominent part of me strongly regrets. Even when I hugged you before walking away, that long and intimate hug, how could I not pull you back and kiss you when you looked into my eyes that way?  Should I have let myself go?

Thinking back to the kiss we shared, I apologize again for how “unnatural” it came to be. I don’t regret it, and personally the adrenaline and tension that I felt was unique, but you deserve much better than a stolen first-kiss, you deserve something worth of the cheesiest of romantic movies you can possibly imagine, princess

This said, I guess the point of this message is to let you know that I respect your wishes and that I myself don’t want to pursue someone who isn’t sure about me.  I used to be the kind of person that, when sure about someone, would hold on and persist till it would all work out, and that’s kind of what I’ve been doing since we first met (despite my delulu, the actual relationship you were in and everything else), part of me just assumed one day you’d be mine. But I don’t have the energy in me for that anymore, and after four ‘rejections’, I think I understood my lesson.

Nonetheless, I wanted to circle back to that part of our conversation when you asked me what exactly I saw in you. I had a brief funny thought of coding it into a website for you, but I realized how cheesy and uncalled for that would have been ahah. So here I go.

- You are fucking beautiful Caroline. I would watch you look into the mirror as you hid behind your insecurities, I would watch you add TikToks of “pretty people” onto that saved folder of yours and think how you’re the only person I would have added to such folder. Your breathtaking blue-green eyes can dig into any one’s soul, it’s so hard for me not to get lost in them. You keep wanting to change and perfect your hair, and I’d think how good you look even on a “bad hair day”.
- You have an amazing, unique and quirky personality that is magnetic to anyone who can look past your shields. I love how emotional you are and how caring you can be, which is reflected in how you act (such as your cute little stomps). 
- You are quite strong headed, and I admire that of you. When you believe something, you don’t hesitate to state your point of view. I love how upfront and direct you can be with things that matter to you.
- There would be so much more to say, but it’s almost 5am


I hope you see in yourself what I see in you (and hopefully even more), and I truly hope that, when you find someone, that someone will truly deserve you and see you for the amazing and unique person you are. 

I really didn’t plan on writing an entire essay, but oh well. That’s it from me.
I’ll see you around monkey

- - -

# notes taken today
```dataview
LIST
WHERE file.cday = date("<% tp.file.title %>") AND !contains(file.name, "2023")
```

# notes edited today
```dataview
LIST
WHERE file.mday = date("<% tp.file.title %>")  AND !contains(file.name, "<% tp.file.title.slice(0, 7) %>")
```